Hello mom, what are you doing?
I’m working, what’s up?
I will go to stay at our old house on next week, can I?
Sure
Are you going alone or with someone?
No mom, I will go with my friend
Friend or girlfriend?
No mom!
So can I ?
Yes of course, I’ll tell the housekeeping to clean up
Awww, who's mom? The cutest in the world
Stop sweet talking, I’ll go back to work now
Okay mom, bye
P’James
Yes
You used to live in this house before?
Yeah
Oh, at that time I was...
Hey! Stop talking here, it’s really hot
Go go, let’s talk inside
Is it your old house?
Yes
Oh, when do you live here? What year?
I stayed here since I was a kid
Until finished high school
Are you serious?
I moved to this village when I was in a high school, my house is at the end of the alley
Hey, stop joke with me
I am telling you the truth
I’m still surprised, can't believe it.
Why we haven’t met?
Ummm, what is your high school name?
I studied at R.M.
I see, different schools
But why we haven’t met each other
I think so, why?
But I’m not a friendly person
After finishing the classes
I don’t like to hangout with friends
Maybe we have met before
But I can’t remember
You just think that because of the destiny made us meet
Are you blushing?
What?
You’re blushing
What are you saying?
You are blushing
See, you have a red face
Stop saying that
Ok
You’re blushing
I’m not!
You’re blushing right now
Nope
See see see, blushing
Stop teasing me
And hurry up, how can I where your room is
Because you’re blushing then walk so fast as always
You keep being like that when blushing
Blushing so much, you have a red face now
P’James
Yes
Do we have any plans today?
You didn’t tell me where we gonna go?
Don’t wanna go today
I
just want to stay with you
But stay together, just two of us
What we should do?
Do
The cooking
I’m hungry, it’ll be evening soon
But I know what are you thinking
Stop it
What am I thinking?
How can you know?
I may not think like you say
Good for that
So what we gonna eat?
Ummm
What should we eat?
Did you ordered food?
No, I will take you to the market
Really?
Yes
Let me check who’s coming
Mom! How come?
Mom, why didn’t you tell me
So I can’t come here?
For surprise!
So, where is your girlfriend?
Oh no no, your friend
Let’s see, I bought many things for her
The smell of the perfume is really perfect!
Body lotion for a good skin and moisturizer
Banana, I bought this for you, it’s your favorite
Of course you can’t live without, pineapple from Nong fruit shop
Drink easily, tasty? I can confirm, drink this to have a smooth skin
Yes mom
Why did you bought so much?
How can you know those things are important for a girl
I afraid that your girlfriend has forgotten to bring them
00:06:50,840 --> 00:06:52,912
So I bought them for her
So where?
Where is your girlfriend?
I want to see her
Mom
Mom, Hello
Oh, hello Sky
Didn’t come with girlfriend?
No mom, no girlfriend I just took Sky with me
I see
That’s it
So have you eaten yet guys?
I bought a lot of food, let’s eat dinner
Come on
Sure mom, let me help you
Sky, how was your college?
It’s good auntie
I have P’James to help me when I don’t understand something.
You’re look cute like your mom, don't have a girlfriend yet?
Mom, you don’t have to ask him
I’m so handsome but I still don’t have.
So How can Sky have, look at his face you asked the wrong person
I just wanted to know
So I’ve been waiting for James to graduate
I want to have grandchild
Mom, why are you in a hurry
I just finished my internship
When I have or who is that person you'll gonna know
I just asked for 10 20 years more
If something happens, I won’t be able to see my grandchild
Right, Sky?!
Yes auntie
What are you talking about?
Let’s eat
This is your favorite vegetable, morning glory
Take it, more and more
Here you are
You should eat, not me
This!
Eat this one
This vegetable, for you
Mom
Trust me
It’s yummy right?
Sure
Where you bought it?
The same restaurant
Joo’s restaurant
Auntie Joo bad cooking for vegetable
Sky, eat lots of food son
Yes auntie
Your mom really wants to have a grandchild
Don’t think too much
If I have a chance I’ll tell mom about us
But I understand your mother
But I’m lucky that my mom understands me
You’re so lucky that your mom can understand you
Don’t be stressed, I believe that your mom will understand you
Damn, you’re so cool
It’s normal
Enough
What?
Go and take a bath
Just a second more
Go to take a shower now
Hurry up
Okay
Hello
Hello, one moment please, there is no signal
Sky, why is it too fit?
The last time wasn’t fit like this
Sky
What?
You wanna lay down here?
See, it’s really soft
Here’s so soft too
Where, let me check
Ummm
It’s not bad
But your cheeks are softer
00:14:40,885 --> 00:14:43,948
Always taking advantage huh
Sky, your cheeks are soft
But I have something that gets hard
Here, my muscles
So hard and strong
Ahhhh
Oh, shaggy armpit hair, how can you live like this?
I thought you're going to like my muscles
When we get back to Bangkok I’ll take you to do something
Do what? I don’t want it
Do laser your armpit, I used to do it, it didn’t hurt
It hurts for sure
Do not be a childish thinking.
Why? Are you so gross?
Only this
Grossl of what?
My son, James
What’s this?
No
James
Get out